do it
hello i am lennart and today review
I a real entry model among the
sigma bicycle computers it is one
with basic functions that are easy to use
operate it is the sigma bc 5 point 12
the bc 5 point 12 is supplied with this
manual you see here the
bike computer and this is the sensor you
also sees the sensor magnet for this
your speech
the bc and 5 point 12 is a wired
bike computer that means no must
to install
although toolless and the
functions that are on it is measuring
of your current speed in kilometers per
hour time functions are and ride time and
a clock in terms of distance and you can already
traveled the distance per ride back
and you have an old meter that is you
the total distance traveled
so everything you do with the device
so it's an automatic start
stop function on you can pay
set that there are seven that
the netherlands is between them and the device
is also water resistant
the sigma is also nice
at the top of their manual here one
has set dualcode
If you scan this, you will be referred
to a website with a video
state about how to get the sensor and
bike computer must install on you
bike
we are here on the site itself
bc
5 point 12 installation
and here he goes so show how
you in super slow motion
the installation of the device on you
does your bike if you don't have a smartphone with the
have a hand
then you can also look it up on youtube
and then you also see the installation
instructions if you take the device off
packaging by hand by millions of first 5
hold for seconds to turn it off
We get deep sleep mode for you
first enter your language
wheel sizes you can get the right dimensions
read on a table that is included on
the manual you enter the units of measurement
total distance total in week
time and whether you switch the scan mode to or
turn of
he the scan mode that ensures that
the display in you every three seconds
display preferred so that you change
I get some sort of overview from
different values ​​you can also for it
choose to hide total values
as soon as you start cycling so that you
only you see your current speed
can also be one for the device
Order a docking station so you are with you
PC interface accesses itself
but data center gives more analysis
for that you have to check out our
accessories page and last function
which you can set is also start
service interval
and that is a pre-filled distance
and if you have achieved it then
a message appears to display your bike
have it inspected
it does not measure average speed and
therefore no cadence or heartbeat
in addition, it is a wired
bike computer so then it goes really bad
what you do for a while
must get rid of it
the device is installed
fortunately very easy you have there
no tools needed and one
advantage of a wired fish computer
that you are not bothered by jammers
the device is also adjustable in 7 languages
including of course Dutch
the bc is 5 and 12 is really an entry model
so if you are looking for one
simple bike computer
which provides basic information about
distance speed and time then this is the
bicycle computer that you can now use
pad must win and order then go
to fietscomputerstore.nl or bj and thanks
you do for watching and gladly to the
next review